mxpy guarded transactions (#747)
multiversx/mx-docs: docs/sdk-and-tools/sdk-py/mxpy-cli.md

[comment]: # (mx-context-auto)

## Guarded transactions

If your address is guarded, you'll have to provide some additional arguments because your transaction needs to be co-signed. 

The first extra argument we'll need is the `--guardian` argument. This specifies the guardian address of our address. Then, if our account is guarded by a service like our trusted co-signer service we have to provide the `--guardian-service-url` which specifies where the transaction is sent to be co-signed.

Keep in mind that **mxpy** always calls the `/sign-transaction` endpoint of the `--guardian-service-url` you have provided. Another argment we'll need is `--guardian-2fa-code` which is the code generated by an external authenticator.

> Each guarded transaction needs an additional `50000` gas for the `gasLimit`. The `version` field needs to be set to `2`. The `optons` field needs to have the second least signinficant bit set to "1".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each guarded transaction needs an additional `50000` gas for the `gasLimit`. The `version` field needs to be set to `2`. The `options` field needs to have the second least significant bit set to "1".
```

Author: Fixed! Thanks
